add additional examples to angular parcel (#491)
CanopyTax/single-spa.js.org: website/versioned_docs/version-5.x/ecosystem-angular.md

If your code is part of an import map and you include a global reference to
systemjs, you can dynamically import the code using an `async` method.

For example, if your import map includes the `ReactComponent`.

```javascript
{
  imports: {
    "@org/react-component": '/org-react-component.js'
  }
}
```

You can dynamically load the component by setting the `config` as an
asynchronous method that fetches the component.

Since some versions of webpack use SystemJS under the hood, you'll need to
reference the global version.

```ts
// Inside of src/app/app.component.ts
import { ChangeDetectionStrategy, Component } from '@angular/core';
import { mountRootParcel } from 'single-spa';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  template:
    '<parcel [config]="config" [mountParcel]="mountRootParcel"></parcel>',
  changeDetection: ChangeDetectionStrategy.OnPush,
})
export class AppComponent {
  async config() {
    return window.System.import('@org/react-component')
  }
  mountRootParcel = mountRootParcel;
}
```

### Passing Custom Props

You can pass any custom props to the parcel by passing an object of props using
the `customProps` attribute.

> If you have a custom click event in your React component:

Reviewer: It's a bit unclear why the angular documentation is showing a react parcel. That is a common way to use it, but perhaps even more common is to have angular parcels rendered by angular applications (since sharing Angular versions is very difficult and upgrading between versions is very difficult). Perhaps just clarify that you're talking about an example with a React parcel:

```suggestion
For example, if you're rendering a React parcel from an Angular component, you can pass a click handler from Angular into the React parcel:
```

```tsx
// Inside of src/app/ReactWidget/ReactWidget.tsx
import * as React from 'react';
import * as ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import singleSpaReact from 'single-spa-react';

const ReactWidget = ({ handleClick }) => <button onClick={handleClick}>Click Me!</button>;

> export const config = singleSpaReact({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export const parcelConfig = singleSpaReact({
```

  React,
  ReactDOM,
  rootComponent: ReactWidget,
});
```

> You can pass a function as a custom prop. Remember that the context changes when

Reviewer: > Remember that the context changes when you pass in a function

This is not technically correct, although I agree with the spirit of trying to help people avoid common pitfalls. So maybe let's reword it to be correct. Passing a function around does not change its context - in javascript the context is caller-dependent by default, meaning that whoever invokes the function gets to determine what the context is. The exception is for bound functions, whose context is set by the creator of the function and cannot be altered by the caller. The reason that `handleClick = () => {` is better is because that syntax creates a function that is bound to the current instance of the class, not because it's an arrow function (arrow functions follow the same rules and have caller-dependent context, by default)

Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
You can pass a function (or any other value) as a custom prop. To ensure that the functions you pass to the parcel are bound with the correct javascript context, use the `handleClick = () => {` syntax when defining your functions.
```
